README.md, before:

## Web3 Public APIs

A collective list of free Web3 \( related to the web3 ecosystem \) APIs for use in software and web development

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome\!

See `contributing.md` for ways to get started\.

## API References

|API|Type|Auth|HTTPS|Cors|Links|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|[BlockSpan](https://docs.blockspan.com/reference/getting-started)|BlockSpan provides access to comprehensive NFT metadata\, activity\, pricing\, and ownership information in real\-time|`apiKey`|Yes|Yes|[API Docs](https://docs.blockspan.com/reference/getting-started)|
|[DappRadar](https://dappradar.com)|The DappRadar API provides live\, spam\-free\, quality crypto\, and blockchain data|`apiKey`|Yes|Yes|[API Docs](https://dappradar.com/api)|
|[Moralis](https://moralis.io/ "Moralist Website")|Provides real\-time blockchain data and Web3 Auth API|`apiKey`|Yes|No|[API Docs](https://docs.moralis.io/web3-data-api/evm/reference "API Docs") \- [API Key](https://admin.moralis.io/login "Moralis API Key Page")|
|[OpenSea](https://docs.opensea.io/)|Provides a developer platform consisting of an API\, and SDK for interacting with NFT data|`apiKey`|Yes|No|[SDK](https://github.com/projectopensea/opensea-js) \- [API Docs](https://docs.opensea.io/reference/api-overview) \- [API Key](https://docs.opensea.io/reference/api-keys)|
|[Rarible](docs.rarible.org)|The Rarible Multichain Protocol is a decentralized toolset that simplifies the way developers can work with NFTs|`apiKey`|Yes|Yes|[SDK](https://github.com/rarible/sdk) \- [API Docs](https://docs.rarible.org/) \- [API Key](https://api.rarible.org/registration)|

Commit message:

adds Bitquery, Chainlink, Covalent API

README.md, after:

## Web3 Public APIs

A collective list of free Web3 ( related to the web3 ecosystem ) APIs for use in software and web development

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

See `contributing.md` for ways to get started.

## API References

| API | Type | Auth | HTTPS | Cors | Links |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [BlockSpan](https://docs.blockspan.com/reference/getting-started) | BlockSpan provides access to comprehensive NFT metadata, activity, pricing, and ownership information in real-time | `apiKey` | Yes | Yes | [API Docs](https://docs.blockspan.com/reference/getting-started) |
| [Bitquery](https://graphql.bitquery.io/ide) | Onchain GraphQL APIs & DEX and NFT APIs | `apiKey` | Yes | Yes | [API Docs](https://docs.bitquery.io/v1) |
| [Chainlink](https://docs.chain.link/any-api/introduction) | Accessing off-chain data through chainlink API in smart contracts | No | Yes | Unknown | [API Docs](https://docs.chain.link/any-api/introduction) |
| [Covalent](https://www.covalenthq.com/docs/api/) | Token balances, positions and historical granular transaction data from blockchain networks | `apiKey` | Yes | Unknown | [API Docs](https://www.covalenthq.com/docs/api/) |
| [DappRadar](https://dappradar.com) | The DappRadar API provides live, spam-free, quality crypto, and blockchain data | `apiKey` | Yes | Yes | [API Docs](https://dappradar.com/api) |
| [Moralis](https://moralis.io/) | Provides real-time blockchain data and Web3 Auth API | `apiKey` | Yes | No | [API Docs](https://docs.moralis.io/web3-data-api/evm/reference) - [API Key](https://admin.moralis.io/login) |
| [OpenSea](https://docs.opensea.io/) | Provides a developer platform consisting of an API, and SDK for interacting with NFT data | `apiKey` | Yes | No | [SDK](https://github.com/projectopensea/opensea-js) - [API Docs](https://docs.opensea.io/reference/api-overview) - [API Key](https://docs.opensea.io/reference/api-keys) |
| [Rarible](docs.rarible.org) | The Rarible Multichain Protocol is a decentralized toolset that simplifies the way developers can work with NFTs | `apiKey` | Yes | Yes | [SDK](https://github.com/rarible/sdk) - [API Docs](https://docs.rarible.org/) - [API Key](https://api.rarible.org/registration) |
